docs: list existing uppy.once method (#2960)
transloadit/uppy: website/src/docs/uppy.md

Subscribe to an uppy-event. See below for the full list of events.

### `uppy.once('event', action)`

> Subscribe once to an uppy-event. See below for the full list of events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create en event listener that fires once. See below for the full list of events.
```

Author: Ah, I was thinking of using the description from `namespace-emitter` docs but felt it was inconsistent with the existing stuff. This is definitely clearer.
